Running: What to know when running in the cold
Running and cold is not the best combination. However, as the experts say "there is no such thing as bad weather, only bad equipment". Here's what we need to know. Running is, as we all know, an excellent exercise for improving cardiovascular health and burning calories, but without proper preparation, it can be dangerous in cold weather and can lead to cramps or injuries.

Cold weather causes blood vessels to constrict, reducing the supply of oxygen and nutrients to the body. It may also be harder to breathe, as the cold and dry air may irritate the airways and cause inflammation.

However, experts say there's no such thing as bad weather, just bad equipment... When the body is exposed to an extreme environment, it will work harder to maintain balance, i.e. its temperature, so before you go out, do a 5-10 minute warm-up indoors, such as a quick jog around the living room or a yoga session. This will raise the body temperature and boost circulation, helping to prepare the muscles for the cold and prevent injury.

Additional tips for running in the cold
In very cold weather, it is recommended that runners wear at least three layers of clothing.

The first layer should be a base layer that absorbs moisture that evaporates from the skin and maintains body temperature. The second layer should retain and maintain heat. The third layer should provide protection from wind, rain or snow.

Be sure to also cover your ears to prevent them from getting too cold and your hands with gloves to prevent chapping and dry skin.

Also avoid running on icy surfaces. 

Additionally:

Don't forget your water: Your body still loses fluids, which you need to replenish, even when it's cold outside. Adequate hydration also reduces the risk of hypothermia and respiratory difficulties.
Avoid frequent breaks: The more you maintain a steady intensity in your workout, without too many fluctuations, the less likely you are to feel the cold seeping through your skin. So better slow and steady than fast and (not so) hot...
What you'll gain by continuing to train in winter
Running will boost your mood, something we all need in the darker and colder months of the year to protect ourselves from Seasonal Affective Disorder. This disorder is characterised by symptoms of anxiety, increased irritability, fatigue and weight gain. Decreased levels of sunlight in winter can affect serotonin, the neurotransmitter that affects mood and has been linked to depression.

Running can trigger the release of endorphins, also known as "happiness hormones" or the body's "natural painkillers" and can even counteract stress.

In addition, running in cold weather can make your body work, as mentioned, harder to maintain its temperature. This means your metabolism speeds up and you burn more calories.